In this lecture, I will create the product and coupon tables that are required to work on the product
and coupon micro services to do that.
You can download this SQL by going to the resources section of this lecture once downloaded.
You can open it in your MySQL workbench once the connection is opened up, or you can copy the contents,
paste it into your MySQL workbench tab.
My database is my DB, so use the database.
That's the first step excute that,that will connect to my database.
Then you execute the first command, which is to create the product table. Go ahead click on this.
That will create the product table for you.
The product table has id, which is the primary key.
It is auto increment.
So every time a product record is created in the database, automatically this value will be incremented
and saved.
We don't need not worry about it in our code the product table has name, description and a price.
Similarly, we have a coupon table, so go ahead, Select that. Click on that.
That will create a coupon table.
Id is the primary key coupon code, a unique code for each coupon.
That discount that should be applied, which is a decimal number then the expiry date as well, which
is a varchar.
You can make this a date field or a time stamp field if you want.
I'm keeping it simple it is a varchar field.
So this coupon code will be used later on by the product micro service.
It will be passed from the product micro service and the coupon micro service should return the details
of the coupon based off the code that is passed in.
So go ahead, create these two tables.